h1. ActsAsConfigurable

Rails plugin that adds dynamic (non-database) configuration settings to any @ActiveRecord@ model.

h2. Examples

Basic usage:

<pre><code>
class User < ActiveRecord::Base
  acts_as_configurable
  
  configuration do |config|
    config.passwords.min_length = 6
    config.passwords.max_length = 12  
  end
end
</code></pre>

And then to access that configuration, simply call:

<pre><code>
$> User.configuration
$> => {:passwords => { :min_length => 6, :max_length => 12 }}
</code></pre>

Or just keep going down the chain to get to the specifics:

<pre><code>
$> User.configuration.passwords
$> => {:min_length => 6, :max_length => 12}
$> User.configuration.passwords.min_length
$> => 6
</code></pre>

Now, granted that a "configuration" class method is common enough that there may be a case
where you have a conflict. Well, you can also configure that part:

<pre><code>
class User < ActiveRecord::Base
  acts_as_configurable :with => :settings
  
  settings do |setting|
    setting.passwords.min_length = 6
    setting.passwords.max_length = 12
  end
end
</code></pre>

Then just use "settings" in place of "configuration" when accessing the data.

<pre><code>
$> User.settings.passwords
$> => {:min_length => 6, :max_length => 12}
</code></pre>

h2. Credits

"Chris Scharf":http://tiny.scharfie.com is the original author of this "on-the-fly" configuration. 
His original implementation was intended for application wide configuration settings. You can find
his post about it "here":http://slateinfo.blogs.wvu.edu/blog/2007/10/29/custom-configuration-settings-made-easy. 

With my version, you can have the convenience of his configuration, but exclusive to the class in 
which it's contained. Plus it's now a plugin.

(c) 2008 Ryan Heath and Chris Scharf, released under the MIT license